Grandpa
Grandpa, look, these are all made by Ye Xuan
This is what they eat in the palace
Royal
Not everyone is big fish and meat all day long
Vegetarian dishes are just cooking surprises
It doesn't taste good either.
The emperor also eats this
elder sister
What are you doing with the turtle horn mushrooms in grandpa's bowl?
Don't you want to see what he looks like after eating?
I rely on you to be tougher than me
Xiner, you are grandpa, this mushroom is delicious
You try it
Hahahaha
My daughter-in-law is sensible
All the delicious food is thinking of grandpa
Let grandpa taste it
Grandpa try it
Yeah, that's a little weird.
Grandpa, taste it again, taste it carefully, grandpa
Hey
Why are there so many dishes in Ye Xuan?
Why are there more than 800 dishes?
Ah hey teacher
How are you amazing
Hmm, I cracked it too.
Boom!
Boom grandpa
Grandpa
I also cracked